All right, my name is Joseph Sepp Spritzma.
I'm with the Center for the Future of Arizona.
I'm the regional project manager
for College Career Pathways in Southeast Arizona,
Cochise, Scram, Greenlee, Santa Cruz counties.
I'm here today at Biosphere 2
with the high school students from all over Arizona,
specifically a group that I'm connected to in Wilcox
for the space design competition, regional competition.
And I just wanted to follow up and say
that the experience was incredible,
transformational and inspiring.
These students in a 24-hour period
took an RFP for a space colony
and developed it together into a professional
and well-organized
presentation that would be acceptable for industry.
They worked with mentors from Boeing,
from the International Space Station,
from University of Arizona,
from all over the state to work to accomplish this.
And if you have not been involved in one of these
or unaware of it,
I would highly suggest that you go take a look at it
on the website and that you take an opportunity
to even volunteer and get involved with this competition.
It is mesmerizing.
And I'm just so glad to have been here
to support these students from Wilcox
and from around Arizona
and to support things like STEM, STEM education,
career pathways, and college and career exploration
in aerospace and beyond.
It was magnificent.
Thank you.